hi everyone this stack of books right
here is called the Federal Register for
decades copies have been printed bound
and sent to thousands of government
offices all across the country every
single day and while you might think
that most people just can't wait to dig
into their copy as soon as it arrives
the truth is no one reads this thing and
that's because it's been available on
the internet for years which means
taxpayers have been funding some pretty
expensive doorstops
so we're putting an end to that saving
you millions of dollars each year but
that's just the tip of the iceberg
everyone knows that getting rid of the
deficit will require some tough
decisions and that includes cutting back
on billions of dollars in programs that
a lot of people care about but what
should be easy is getting rid of the
pointless waste and stupid spending that
doesn't benefit anybody waste we should
be getting rid of even if we didn't have
a deficit we're off to a good start over
the last two years we've pulled the plug
on all kinds of ridiculous practices
apparently the government used two
overnight containers filled with nothing
don't ask why that is sure some of these
cuts aren't that big but no amount of
waste is acceptable not when it's your
money not at the time when so many
Americans are already cutting back just
as families are living within their
means government should too so we can
invest in the things that we know will
create good jobs and grow the economy
things like education and technology
besides after a while all these cuts and
up already we've identified about thirty
three billion dollars in savings just
for this year and we're not finished not
by a longshot
did you know the federal government pays
for a website devoted to a folk music
ensemble made up of forest rangers
they're called the fiddling foresters
I'll put their music on my iPod but I'm
not paying for their website and there
are hundreds of similar sites that we
should consolidate or just get rid of by
the way you're not only paying for
websites no one needs you're paying for
thousands of buildings all across the
country no one uses for the last decade
the government's on a massive and
completely empty warehouse in the middle
of Brooklyn for example now the
government hadn't been able to sell this
building and others like it because of
red tape and Washington politics that
helped things up for years but we're
finally cutting through all that and
plan to get rid of these buildings in
the months ahead all of these efforts to
target waste and make government more
efficient have been a priority for my
administration since day one but as we
work to tackle the budget deficit we
need to step up our game we need to go
after every dime we need to make
government work for you that's why
starting today I've asked the vice
president to lead a renewed effort to
hunt down misspent tax dollars in every
agency and department of this government
we're calling it the campaign to cut
waste and I know Joe is the right man to
lead it because nobody messes with Joe
there's a new standard by which the
government is going to function this
point on the American people are
entitled to transparency by that I mean
there in Title II be able to figure out
where their dollars are going and
they're entitled to accountability to
make sure that we're using the dollars
for what we said it was for that's our
job and we take that job very seriously
look a lot of this depends on new
sophisticated methods but it also it
also we know depends on relentless focus
on making this a priority focus that
can't be delegated
we're holding ourselves accountable and
we're deeply committed and focused on
making government function better we're
not just eliminating fraud and waste we
hope to be instilling an entire new
culture that not only our administration
but every succeeding administration will
in fact pursue we're going to give you
the government you expect and deserve so
I want to thank you all and we're ready
to get to work